Feat: Standard Webhooks plugin (#7808)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/standard-webhooks/overview/_index.md

---
nav_title: Overview
title: Overview
---

> The Standard Webhooks plugin lets you validate incoming webhooks using the [Standard Webhooks](https://github.com/standard-webhooks/standard-webhooks) specification. 
> Kong is a contributor to this specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Standard Webhooks plugin lets you validate incoming webhooks using the [Standard Webhooks](https://github.com/standard-webhooks/standard-webhooks) specification. 
Kong contributes to this specification.
```
I think maybe a sentence that explains who this might be for or what use case(s) this supports would help me understand if this plugin is for me.

> 

Author: The Standard Webhooks specification is a package of open source tools and guidelines for sending webhooks easily, securely, and reliably.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

The Standard Webhooks specification is a package of open source tools and guidelines for sending webhooks easily, securely, and reliably.

```
